---
title: Whiskey Flat Days 2023 Forecast
author: Chris
date: 2023-02-11
updated: 2023-02-18
description: We're looking at a mostly cloudy weekend with highs in the 50s and lows of 34
imgur: https://i.imgur.com/0Kezs7Y.jpg
thumbnail:
  url: https://i.imgur.com/0Kezs7Ym.jpg
  height: 241
  width: 320
tags:
  - wfd
  - whiskey flat days
  - weather
  - forecast
---
<div class="status-box info clearfix">
  {% include common/icon.html icon="megaphone" height="64" width="64" class="float-left" fill="currentColor" %}
  <h3 class="center">Weather Update</h3>
  <p>The forcast in this article is outdated. It's warm, sunny, and clear for the rest of the weekend.</p>
</div>
It's that time of year again, and Whiskey Flat Days 2023 is less that a week away.
And that means that the entire weekend is now in the ten-day forecast.

The river is running at over 500 cubic feet per second after early January storms,
a welcome increase after months of running at around 130 CFS. The storm brought
the Lake up from only about 6% of capacity to about 20% and left plenty of snow
in the hills. Thanks to the rain, the area has also turned green with flowers
starting to bloom, making for a beautiful backdrop for the festival.

The forecast is mild and mostly cloudy. Highs will be in low-to-mid 50s, with
lows of around 34. On Sunday the clouds are expected to clear up for most of the
day, making it the warmest day of the weekend at 55, but then it'll cool down
after all of the events of the weekend are over and there's a chance of snow on
Monday morning.

So be sure to bring a jacket. You might warm up walking around throughout the
day, but you'll probably want it early in the morning or later in the evening,
and maybe when you sit down for a while at the rodeo.

Of course, a lot could change in ten days. Be sure to check the forecast again
before heading out.
