---
title: No WFD App for 2022
description: It looks like there won't be a WFD App for 2022...
author: Chris
categories:
  - app
tags:
  - WFD App
  - updates
  - announcement
  - open letter
---
First and foremost, I want to be clear that this post in no way implies that
Whiskey Flat Days is being canceled for 2022. What I'm addressing here is entirely
isolated to the Whiskey Flat Days App. I and this App have nothing to do with the
event itself, and I am not currently even a member of the Kernville Chamber of Commerce.
This post is strictly about the history of the development of the WFD App and to clarify
the relation between myself and the Kernville Chamber.

This post is also something between an announcement that the Whiskey Flat Days App is
being archived for now, an Open Letter to the Kernville Chamber of Commerce, and a
reminder to the Kernville Chamber of Commerce of the agreements that they have made
and thus far ignored.

Back in late 2019 I approached the then Kernville Chamber of Commerce President
and offered to build an app for Whiskey Flat Days for the Kernville Chamber. I
asked for nothing in return except that I be given information about the locations
of vendors and the times of events, that the Kernville Chamber help promote the
app, and that I perhaps be allowed to make a little profit through sponsors or
advertisements. They eagerly agreed, and I then became a paying member of the
Kernville Chamber just to be a part of the planning process and so that I would
be in a better position to work with the Kernville Chamber. I was essentially
paying the Kernville Chamber to create this app for them.

So I purchase the `whiskeyflatdays.com` domain and get to work building the App/website.
I had a few meetings with the then-President and other members to discuss getting
the information that I needed, mapping out vendor locations, trying to obtain event
info, making the WFD App available at the Information Booth, etc. I would occasionally
come into the office to ask if any event or vendor info was available yet, but never
did get any of the info that I needed. I eventually went out and mapped all of the
marked vendor spaces to GPS coordinates and said "just let me know what space a
vendor is assigned to when they register."

Weeks and months passed with no information being made available, and I began to see
the very information I had been asking for posted on Facebook. So I add what info
I could to the app and remind them that I need this info for their app. To this
day, I have still never received a single bit of information from the Kernville Chamber.

February 2020 rolls around without the Kernville Chamber having given me any
of the info I had been asking for for months by that point, and I end up walking
to every vendor booth, every porta-potty, and every attraction and collecting all
of the information myself. I entered upcoming event info from flyers I found and posts
I'd seen on Facebook. I end up designing and printing flyers with QR codes myself and
hanging them up at stores and street corners. I brought my own laptop down to the
Info Booth for visitors to use. Everything that I had asked for in my terms for creating
the WFD App had been completely ignored.

Whiskey Flat Days passes and the rest of the year goes by. As I'm sure we're all
very aware, 2020 was the year when COVID-19 came to the U.S., and that resulted in a
lot of uncertainty in having Whiskey Flat Days in 2021. The WFD App was stagnant
throughout most of the year, though occasionally getting minor updates, but when
we were coming to the end of 2020 I began attempting to work with the Kernville
Chamber again, this time with the threat of the physical event being canceled
and the possibility of Whiskey Flat Days being an online-only event the upcoming
year.

Shortly after contacting the Kernville Chamber regarding the WFD App for 2021, the new
President began discussing acquiring the `whiskeyflatfays.com` domain from me. I
did find it slightly strange that the Kernville Chamber was wanting the domain for
the App that I had built for them, but thought this was a good opportunity to get
back to the terms we had originally agreed upon, except this time it would be in
writing. We managed to (*unofficially*) agree upon adding a "promotional add-ons"
section to advertise in the WFD App in the vendor applications, but negotiations
halted as it became apparent that Whiskey Flat Days would be canceled for 2021.
There were other legal and compensatory issues as well, but this isn't the place
to go into those details.

Another year passes and, by this time, I had released the WFD App on the Google Play
Store and was ready to release an app for both iOS (iPhone) and Windows as well. I was
working on a redesign of the WFD App that included, among many other things, a "News"
section that would be useful for making announcements and promoting the Whiskey
Flat Days Mayor races. I was also wanting to license the trademark for Whiskey
Flat Days to sell merchandise online and perhaps in local stores/vendors, and I
would pay the Kernville Chamber for every item created. Via the "promotional add-ons",
vendors would be able to highlight products they are selling and offer coupons to
users of the WFD app. Once again, visitors would be able to find everything from local
businesses and vendors, to the times and places of events, down to where to find the
nearest porta-potty. And, since the Whiskey Flat Days Mayor races last for months
rather than just a single weekend, businesses that advertised in the WFD App would
have the opportunity of promoting their business to several thousand visitors over
that entire time-frame rather than just a few days. A win for everyone!

With so much planned for the WFD App for 2022, most of which I could not do without
the Kernville Chamber, I began my attempts to work with the Kernville Chamber back in
October. I cannot do bribes/donations without the accounts being created
by the Kernville Chamber. I cannot sell branded merchandise without licensing the
Whiskey Flat Days trademark. This year in particular, I cannot walk around for hours
during the Whiskey Flat Days event itself and map out all of the locations and events.
I cannot even release a full redesign to match the aesthetic of the Whiskey Flat Days
event without running into trademark issues, so restrict myself to Public Domain assets.
I cannot publish the schedule for the Whiskey Flat Days Mayor candidates unless I
know where they'll be and when. In general, I cannot easily publish information
that I have not been given, including who the sponsors are for various events and the
event as a whole.

### And so, to the Kernville Chamber I say:
> You have an app/website for Whiskey Flat Days that's yours if you want it,
> provided that you fulfill your end of what we have agreed upon. Just take a look
> at what this App is without any involvement from the Kernville Chamber whatsoever
> and imagine what it could be if you ever told me anything or worked with me on
> any of this. It works offline for all the T-Mobile & Sprint users (who will not
have usable reception in Kernville) coming from LA,
> it's among the top-ranking pages for search results relating to Whiskey Flat Days,
> it's available for download for Android and ready to be released for iOS and Windows,
> it promotes local businesses in multiple ways while providing a variety of useful
> information to visitors... And, if nothing else, this is the
> app that you agreed to make the official app of Whiskey Flat Days. And I did this all
> without using any designs for Whiskey Flat Days, any trademarked material, with
> zero information coming from the Kernville Chamber, zero promotion from the Kernville
> Chamber, zero art and content from the Kernville Chamber &mdash; What I have is
> merely a fraction of what this could be, but it's pretty much the maximum it can
> be unless the Kernville Chamber does... **something**... **anything!**

### To the residents of the Kern River Valley I say:
> Can you please not regard me as trying to rip-off the Kernville Chamber and Whiskey
> Flat Days for having created and maintained an app for them that they have been
> entirely negligent of? I created this app for free for the Kernville Chamber,
> and at no point had any intention of either running it by myself or anything, but
> I got stuck running it myself when the Kernville Chamber refused to work with me at all.
> This is an app that I created with the full endorsement of the Kernville Chamber
> that they have seemingly abandoned, leaving me to do everything by myself up
> until now. I have worked on the WFD App for over two years now and, as of the
> time of writing this, I have not received a single penny in compensation for anything,
> but have only spent time and money for it to exist in the hopes that it will be
> of use to visitors and benefit to the Valley. I've even declined opportunities to
> sell it to interested third-parties. In other words, I've done nothing remotely
> wrong in any of this, but have only been repeatedly screwed over for trying to
> do something to help everyone else.

### To everyone else:
> I'm sorry that I cannot get accurate information for Whiskey Flat Days this year.
> I had hoped that this would be the year that the Kernville Chamber finally decided
> to give me the information that I need to maintain the app that I built for them,
> but they still won't tell me anything, and this year I'm just not able to gather
> the information myself. If they wouldn't give me any information at all when
> I was a paying member of the Kernville Chamber asking for info for the the app
> that I had built for them for free, what chance do I have of even getting the
> time of day from them now? I've worked on this App with nothing but resistance
> and hostility for over two years now, and I simply cannot do it anymore... At
> least not this year.

It also needs to be said that, although the Kernville Chamber has never diretly
contributed anything to the development of the App, in 2019/2020 they gave me full
endorsement in creating the app, and in 2020/2021 they were interested
enough to at least offer to "buy" the `whiskeyflatdays.com` domain for the insultingly
low initial offer of a one-year membership to the Kernville Chamber (for context,
the time & labor I had put into the App by that point was more in the range of $10,000).
In 2021/2022, they were wanting to pick-up negotiations from the previous year,
this time via the person in charge of the Whiskey Flat Days event rather than the
current President. In other words, based on the words of the Kernville Chamber
they still very much want this App, but their actions entirely contradict their
words. 2019/2020 was a bit chaotic, and 2020/2021 was basically canceled, but
this year there's simply no excuse. Despite my urging to get a response ASAP so
that I can pay for and release the Windows & iOS Apps, I still haven't heard back
from anyone for months now, which is why it's been almost 2 months since the latest
post.

All I ask is that the Kernville Chamber fulfill the terms of our agreement. I
don't think I'm being at all unreasonable in asking that. Just give me the information
that I need to publish on this WFD App, give it a little recognition and promotion,
and you get the `whiskeyflatdays.com` domain and apps with me maintaining them
(*other basic terms and conditions still apply, but that is the gist of it*). I
am dumbfounded, insulted, and more than a little peeved that, not only is the Kernville
Chamber of Commerce not leaping at the offer I've made, refusing to help
me help them promote their event, but they have been saying something completely
different to me face and I'm hearing that they (*at least some members*) have been
speaking ill of me behind my back for my generosity. And, to make matters just a
little worse, they were even ignoring me when I was paying them to help them.

It's probably too late by now for me to be able to do much for 2022 Whiskey Flat Days
at this point. I could, probably at most, get the events and some of the vendors
listed in the App. I won't be able to list sponsors or create what's needed to
sell merchandise, and it's certainly too late for anything relating to the Whiskey Flat
Days Mayor races and rodeo. If I were to publish an iOS and Windows app right now,
the review process would delay their availability until after Whiskey Flat Days.
All of those things and more are why I urged the Kernville Chamber to get this started
months ago.
